small fixes in androgoat description (#1448)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x08-Testing-Tools.md

#### Android

- Crackmes: A set of apps to test your Android application hacking skills - <https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg/tree/master/Crackmes>

> - AndroGoat: An open source vulnerable/insecure app using Kotlin. This app has a wide range of vulnerabilities related to Certificate Pinning, Custom URL Schema, Network_security_config, WebView, RootDetection and over 20 other Vulnerabilities - <https://github.com/satishpatnayak/AndroGoat>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AndroGoat: An open source vulnerable/insecure app using Kotlin. This app has a wide range of vulnerabilities related to certificate pinning, custom URL schemes, Android Network Security Configuration, WebViews, root detection and over 20 other vulnerabilities - <https://github.com/satishpatnayak/AndroGoat>
```
